We have been on both the RC Monarch of the Seas and the Carnival Paradise 4 night cruises to Baja Mexico and it really depends on what you are looking for as to which is better.

It appears that you are already booked for the Monarch, so I won't go into the differences.  I will just cover the good stuff about the cruise.

Arrive Early, Lunch will be served when you get there and it will give you a chance to explore the ship after you get through all of the red tape to board.

The cabins on the ship are not that large, but the good thing is you will not be spending a lot of time in them.  One thing you can do is get yourself on the good side of your cabin steward on the first day.  The stewards are not paid the best and they depend on the tips that they get.  There are guidelines on what to tip your steward, but a $5 bill with a note of the few things you want will do even more for the service you will get.  I say a note on the things you want because you will find something that needs changed or a special request like keeping the ice filled or putting the beds together.

When you Pack for your cruise remember that it is only 4 nights, you’re not moving, you also will not have access to an iron, so iron first and bring mainly wrinkle free items and clothes that you can mix and match.  One night of the cruise is a formal night, so bring a nice dress and a nice suit for the guys.  Don’t worry about Tuxes, unless you really want to get fancy.  When you head to the ship make sure you will be comfortable wearing what you have on for dinner and maybe put a change of blouse in your carry on as your luggage may not be to your cabin by dinner time.  Do not put expensive items or your high end electronics into your luggage; carry it on and off the ship yourself.  The luggage is left in the elevator area unattended for a very long time while everyone is boarding and the night before you disembark your luggage is left in the hallway unattended.  We had some personal electronics items stolen from our luggage on the last night and we believe it was a wandering teen and not crew that took it.

Don’t worry about having cash on hand on the ship, everything is paid for with your ship card.  This is good and bad because you don’t have to carry cash but you spend and don’t realize what you have spent, so you will want to make a point of checking your account with the purser a few times.  You can also check your account on the ship computers at no charge.

The food aboard ship is always available and always good.  There is something being served somewhere at all times on that ship.  The best food is served in the dining room, so make a point to at least eat dinner in the dining room, it is worth it.  Your waiters will be terrific and will also make a show of it.  You will also meet some new people that will hopefully be nice and enjoyable.  And the food in the dining room is all you can eat as well, so try the stuff you just would normally not try.  We tried escargot for the first time on that cruise and lo and behold, we liked it!  If you see two entrée’s on the menu that you’d like order them both, or order your main entre and split a second with your partner.  We did that a lot.

Watch the drinks, alcohol gets expensive there is a special each day but they give glasses on some of the specials that you may not want to keep but you’d pay for anyway.
The crew on the ship is Fantastic; they are always attentive to your needs, even the ones that are not included in the ships standard tip process, so remember these people.  My wife regularly got up early and went on deck for coffee while she waited for me to rise from the dead.  She always had someone checking on her and refilling her coffee.

The Atmosphere on the ship is very relaxed.  There is no pressure to join any of the activities and there are plenty of them.  And if you want a really good laugh be sure to go see the Newlywed Game & the Adult Scavenger Hunt.  They are a blast.  The shows on the main stage will vary from good to so-so, but they are worth watching.

Shopping in the Galleria you can get some really good values, but you can also find yourself spending a lot of money.  And they do give-a-ways, so make sure you grab yourself tickets for those.

Be careful using your Cell Phone on the ship and thinking it is covered by your regular service.  When you are in port you will be connecting to your regular carrier, but when the ship leaves port it turns on the “Cellular@Sea” service, and this costs $2.99 a minute (for Sprint) to use.

If you are on a 4 night cruise one day will be spent in San Diego, It could be a nice visit but we stayed on the ship.  There are a few excursions but if you’ve been in San Diego before it is just as well to stay on ship and enjoy the amenities.

The next stop is Catalina, This is a great place to visit and lots of things to do.  If you want to save a little money pack a lunch to carry onshore with you, if you plan on taking an early tender this is best done in the evening by running up to the Windjammer Restaurant in late evening when they are serving cold cuts.

Ensenada is your last stop.  It is interesting to see the differences in culture.  If you plan on going to La Bufadora you can save some money and give yourself more time to visit the shops around it by skipping the excursions and hiring a taxi or renting a car.  If you team up with another couple then you will save money over the excursions.  You can always stay downtown, lots of shops on the main strip you can visit.

The websites below have a lot of great tips and cruise critic has some good reviews.

Hope this helps and you have fun!
