Amvel,
Parkinson's disease is a chronic, progressive incurable neurodegenerative disease in which both motor and non-motor symptoms appear.  PD is a collection of syndromes so that symptoms and rates of progression vary from patient to patient although there are some basic commonalities.

In all cases the loss of dopamine neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta of the basal ganglia is a sign of the beginning of the disease. Serotonin neurons are another neurotransmitter in short supply in PD. Eventually norepinephrine neurons (for which dopamine is a precursor) are also depleted and it is at this point that the more dramatic and diagnosable symptoms appear. The loss of the specific dopamine neurons is between 60-80%.

Currently about 17% of PD cases are directly attributed to genetic mutations with the majority of the remaining cases being considered idiopathic in origin. In both the genetic and the idiopathic cases environmental triggers play a role.  These toxins can include from medications, drug reactions, heavy metal exposure, pesticides and herbicides, stress and depression. 

As more is leaned about the disease process, the closer we will be to finding reversal treatments and cures. Although there are some in the pipeline, huge amounts of money are necessary to push them through and that also means time. PD has a complicated chemical process.   

There are no simple or even complicated remedies for this disease. There are, however, treatments and therapies which can be used to treat many of the symptoms.

I assume that your relative has been diagnosed with the disease.  You do not indicate the symptoms which are present now nor the treatments which are now being used. Nor do we know the access to health care which is available.

I am going to refer you to an article which lists the various medications used, the therapies and some of the nutritional supplements which are used in addition to prescription medications:.
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/12/treatments-for-parkinsons-disease.html 

Ayurveda is the oldest form of medicine which documents Parkinson's disease and its treatment,
Mucuna Pruriens, contains a natural levodopa which can cross the blood brain barrier to substitute - in a way - for the dopamine neurons which die as a result of the disease.  To be effective the dosage should be standardized and controlled. It is more effective when taken with an MAO inhibitor and for that you can look to curcuminoids found in turmeric. The problem is that you find low doses to begin treatment.  Overdoses can lead to the same side effects as traditional prescription meds.

Vitamin supplement must be properly timed as vitamin B complex (complex makes more sense as long as the B12 is from the proper source) can interfere with the levodopa absorption. Also important is Vitamin D3 unless this person gets enough sunlight exposure - many PD patients don't. Antioxidants are important as is an old style Mediterranean diet.

Massage therapy can be very helpful to relive stiffness, promote endorphins and improve range of motion when done on a regular basis.

Exercise therapy is also important.  Strength is often overlooked but nonetheless very important. Exercise, like massage therapy, must address range of motion and flexibility, balance,  Which means that several types of exercise are needed.  Yoga can be very important to promote relaxation and to aid breathing/swallowing. 

There is currently a clinical trial which is exploring the benefit of Forced Exercise for Parkinson's disease. 
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/05/forced-exercise-to-relieve-parkinsons.html

Is your relative already receiving treatment which is not showing any symptom relief?  

To receive an answer of real value, please be more specific with details.
