Sometimes  person can't tell the difference but that is why there are diagnostic procedures for Parkinson's disease.  There are tests to rule out other conditions, symptom history, family medical history, in-office physical observation following specific procedures to determine if the patient has PD or another condition or injury.  In some cases the patient presents atypically and the diagnosis may take longer.  Some patients may not receive the dx for 6 months and there are sometimes overlaps because the patient may actually have more than one condition. 

Nerve damage diagnosis sometimes a more comprehensive arsenal for diagnosis and sometimes less. Often it may depend upon upon the patient and the description of the problem. Because the area is so broad, it is really dependent upon the specific problem.

It is very important to diagnosis nerve damage as quickly as possibly because treatment often needs to be initiated asap.  In PD the earlier the best treatment is started the better but a few weeks won't make that much difference because the actual death of dopamine neurons has been underway possibly for years. Norepinephrine cell death, not quite so long. 

Nerve damage covers a very broad area. At WebMD you can read about autonomic nerve damage, motor nerve damage and sensory nerve damage. You will also be able to read about the the symptoms caused by damage in each area.
http://www.webmd.com/brain/nerve-pain-and-nerve-damage-symptoms-and-causes

Because nerve damage can occur throughout the body it would be very difficult to list all of the symptoms and the way that they differ from Parkinson's disease. In a way it is easier to list some of the shared symptoms: Dry eyes and mouth, constipation, bladder dysfunction, sexual dysfunction, muscle weakness, tremor - tingling/burning sensation can often be a precursor perspiration issues, temperature control, pain, postural instability - somewhat similar to positional awareness, loss of sense of smell

Nerve damage can come from many causes and sometimes there is overlap.  For example drug interaction, overdose or side effects can cause nerve damage or parkinsonian symptoms.
Nutritional deficiencies such as B12 and B6 can occur in both nerve damage and in PD/
Inflammatory conditions can have similar symptoms - PD is sometimes considered an inflammatory condition.
http://www.medifocushealth.com/NR013/Diagnosis-of-Parkinson-s-Disease_Differential-Diagnosis-of-Parkinson-s-Disease.php

Parkinson's manifeststs in different ways in different patients. The symptoms vary as does the sequence of symptoms and the progression of the condition. But the disease is progressive. With nerve damage, the issues also vary.  Sometimes with certain injury the progression will be self-limiting or there are treatments to keep the problems from getting worse. At other times this is not the case.

My husband has PD.  He had several precursor symptoms such as leg drag, loss of arm swing, depression, slow loss of sense of smell which occurred many years prior to the actual tingling in his left hand which developed into the tremor that sent him to the doctor for the diagnosis process.  Since he had had several of the environmental triggers of PD throughout his life and an aunt with some common exposures and PD, he was already taking CoC10 to help the tremor. After 6 years his symptoms remain unilateral but several more are present. Stiffness, slower movement-slower reaction time, tremor, postural instability, some sleep issues, vision problems and several more.

Tremor is the most visible symptom and can occur in hands, arms, feet, legs, head.  Stooped posture, shuffling gait, freezing in mid-stride, change in handwriting, swallowing and choking issues, voice changes including decrease in volume.  Other symptoms follow.

Yes there are some differential diagnostic issues but not often as PD being mistaken for nerve damage.
