I agree with the previous assertion that being the best athlete of all time and the most popular athlete of all time are two entirely different things.
As for most popular - I would say it's probably a toss-up between Ruth and Ali. Ruth was known throughout this country in an era when sports was first really starting to become better publicized - the big three of his era were probably him, Jack dempsey and Red grange. But the fact that Ruth is STILL talked about an awful lot more than 60 years after his death proves that he is an icon. And Ali was probably, during his career, the most well known athlete on the planet - people in underdeveloped countries even knew him.
As for best athlete, that's a tough one. And it is made especially difficult to determine because of the many advances in technique, training and nutrition that have come along in more recent years. An argument could be made for Jim Thorpe as being the best all around athlete, and you could even perhaps make that argument for Babe Didrikson Zaharias as well - athletes who competed at a high level at different sports. And you could even throw a Bo Jackson out there as well.
But to me the best way to determine "best" is to compare players to others of their era. And when doing that, there are 2 that come to mind ssimplybecause they dominated their sport more than any other athlete. One would be Ruth - keep in mind that he out-homered entire TEAMS while he was playing and that before he came along the record for homers in a lifetime was 138, and that when he retired he had about 300 more homers than the number 2 player on the list (Gehrig). 
The other one would be Gretzky. IMHO, he dominated hockey more than any other player ever dominated a team sport. Look at his totals for goals and points. You could take away every single one of his 894 goals and he would STILL have more points than any other player in history based solely on his assist total. Others may have dominated their sports for a short time (Jordan, Woods, Brown maybe) but none have done it for as long as Ruth or Gretzky did.
