I am going to give you a very long answer because
1)  there is no short answer
2)  despite what so many people say - it is not your doctor who will make the final decision about your treatment program but you and your doctors.

The first thing you need to be proactive in your treatment - which is what you are doing  - and bravo for you - is to learn what your options are.

I will say that there are medications which can help slow the progression of the disease when used as a first line when you are diagnosed.  My husband is taking both Azilect, an MAO-B inhibitor and, after bed side effects from Mirapex and Selegiline, added Dynacirc CR (a calcium channel blocker which is off label but since he is also a cardiac patient was acceptable to his doctor.)  
He also takes several nutritional supplements.  CoQ10 is his primary antioxidant but there a few others he takes.  A note about CoQ10 - even the Mayo Clinic is now suggesting 1200 mgs a day and a new clinical trial is comparing 1200 mgs to 2400 mgs daily - it must be divided into smaller amounts throughout the day to be effective. Recently he has added creatine to the CoQ10 dosing times.  Alpha lipoic acid and Acetyl L-Carnitine hcl are taken as well.

About the medication categories:
There is the most popular category: Dopaminergics which were approved in the 1970s to slow or stop progression. They do at first until they don't - at which point the dosages may be increased or other meds are added to the treatment. The levodopa combinations are absorbed in the intestines and carrier by the blood to the brain where they can cross the blood brain barrier where it can be converted to dopamine (dopamine can't cross the bbb) Drugs in this category include Sinemet CR, Atamat, Carbidopa, Madopar CT, and the orally dissolvable Paricopa for patients who have swallowing problems.

There is a category which I call Other PD Meds which includes such things as Isradipine, a calcium channel blocker which helps restore the cells to a more youthful saline state. It appears to help slow the progression and research is underway to see if it can assist the dopaminergics
Also in the Other category is Amantadine, an anti-viral which appears to increase the release of dopamine in the brain.
There is the Excelon patch which is a cholinesterase inhibitor and a couple more which are similar to that patch.

There are dopamine agonists which mimic dopamine - stimulate a response. They bind to different dopamine receptors. One function is to raise prolactin levels. Like the dopaminergics, they have a wearing off time which increases the longer one is on the medication. Often they are coupled with a dopamine antagonist. These meds include Parlodel, Requip XL (non-ergot derived), Mirapex (can cause hallucinations and compulsive behavior but excellent for PD symptoms if you can tolerate the side effects), the Neupro transdermal patch which is awaiting re-approval by the FDA in the US market. It has been restored to the European market following a glitch which did not impact its effectiveness. There are more but not as commonly used or not available in the US market.

Dopamine antagonists are a type chemical which block the dopamine receptors in the brain - they bind but don't stimulate the receptors - they inhibit the response to copy the effects of dopamine. They are primarily used as anti-psychotics.

COMT inhibitors (Catechol O-menthyltansferase inhibitors) slow the elimination of dopamine by inhibiting the COMT breakdown of dopamine in the brain. This process may reduce the levadopa off times. Meds include Comtan, Tasmar, Stalevo which is actually a combination COMT and dopaminergic.

Then there are the MAO-B inhibitors which include Eldepryl and Segeline and the favorite in this house Azilect which is most certainly slowing the progression of my husband's PD. 

Lastly are the old-timers, the anticholinergics which attempt to block the ace.tylcholine, the neurotransmitter which sends the contract message to the muscles.while the decreasing dopamine neurons can't respond well with their relax message. Antichlorinergics are used for symptomatic relief for issues like excessive salivation when one can't swallow well. They are also used for PD depression. These medications include Artane, Cogentin, Norflex and Benadryl.

Dietary supplements are also good medicines and can work well to supplement the prescribed pharmaceuticals.

Antioxidants to scavenge free radicals: CoQ1, Vitamin E complex (the complex is significant and each tocopherol must be listed by % on the label) and Vitamin C with bioflavonoids work synergistically. Beta Carotene - the vitamin A precursor is helpful but remember, the body stores vitamin A and there is no need to overdo it.

I'm not going way out there but a good Omega complex is also important. And Vitamin D, at least D3 is another must take. Watch the source, however. Some forms are better than others. A good fish oil is probably better.

Addendum:
My husband pointed out that now many patients may be prescribed both Azilect and Sinemet from the start. My husband did not begin on Azilect because it may not have been on the market back then but he was already taking CoQ10 because he suspected what the diagnosis would be.
