I'm sorry, cure Parkinson's disease, not yet.  If there were a cure, it would be major news in a country where there are at least 1.5 million diagnosed cases of PD.

Are the natural treatments which help to if not reverse symptoms, at least reduce them?  Yes there are.  Will they work for every PD patient?  Hard to say as this chronic, progressive neurodegenerative disease is made up of several syndromes of varying symptoms and rates of progression.  Parkinson's disease has motor and non-motor symptoms as well as a serious set of mood disorders which left untreated can make the motor symptoms worse.

Here is a short list of moderately effective to effective natural treatments and therapies for Parkinson's disease. I'll show a link to more information below several 
(note: although the links may look the same, they are to different articles)

Green tea with EGCG, Epigallocatechin Gallate - tea or capsules available
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/08/is-it-true-what-they-say-about-black.html

Mucuna Pruriens, known by a variety of names, this is the 4,500 year old ayruvedic treatment which until recently couldn't be a controlled dosage nor a controlled release. There is no source for equivalencies although there's plenty of guessing.  But I can tell you that there is a much longer wearing off time. Taken with the curcuminoids in turmeric (natural MAO-A & B inhibitors) or with EGCG to aid delivery across the blood brain barrier.

Forced Exercise - to reduce symptoms and medication reliance if performed for 40 minute sessions at least 3 times a week.
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/05/forced-exercise-to-relieve-parkinsons.html

Yoga and Tai Chi
Important for relaxation, focusing, proprioception, range of motion, flexibility, maintaining muscle strength
Do not ignore the benefits of other forms of exercise therapy such as aqua-therapy for balance. Nautilus equipment for flexibility and strength.  Dance for rhythm which is so disrupted in PD
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/01/inovativative-program-of-brookln.html

Micronized Creatine Monohydrate - the results vary for different people. In my husband it aided his walking balance as it restored some arm swing. In another person it aided with speech improvement. I'm sorry to say I haven't written about it yet but I am planning to do so.

The antioxidant groups which can be in pill form or better yet in diet. And don't forget coconut oil.
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/06/more-food-for-parkinsons-disease.html

Vitamin B complex has a few in particular which are essential in the right form: B3, B6, Folic Acid and B12.  Don't neglect D3.

And don't overlook the benefits of professional massage therapy for PD..
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/07/massage-therapy-adjusting-to-parkinsons.html

The sooner you develop your regimen the better.  Don't wait for more symptoms to appear.

This is a link to a general list of treatments both from the pharmacist, the health food stores, the pantry, exercise therapy centers.  
http://parkinsonsfocustoday.blogspot.com/2009/12/treatments-for-parkinsons-disease.html

I can be reached through Yahoo!Answers and through Contact Us in the links above.
