Your question is strangely worded. Perhaps it is simply a reflection of your lack of knowledge on this subject.  

You seem to infer that it is "Christians" that believe Jesus will return to earth from heaven causing the end of the world.  If by "Christians" you mean the world of Christendom, all those purporting to follow Jesus, who believe in a trinity, an immortal soul and hellfire, whose symbol is the cross, then I ask you to look again.  They seem to be quite silent lately regarding the "last days" and the actual literal end of this system of things.  I find them to be quite happy in their churches, comfortably accepting everyone to the passing of their plate, and desiring to make no waves nor upset any carts.  The same holds true for the other religions you mentioned.  Which of them today is preaching an imminent end to the world, or rather, this system of things?

It is only the Witnesses of Jehovah, who in fact are Christians,  who have been commissioned by him and his son Jesus once again to preach his warning to the world of mankind in advance of his act of pronouncing judgment and putting and end to governments and human society as we know them today.  What other religion is going around the world to every nation and island group, to the remotest parts of the inhabited earth?  Who else has been (for decades) distributing billions upon billions of magazines announcing Jehovah's new Kingdom?  Who else has pointed out that the year 1914 was the year that Jesus took his seat as King of God's kingdom, that his presence (greek: parousia) is accomplished, and that shortly he will turn his attention to the earth to destroy the wicked who refuse to honor his Father, Almighty God Jehovah?

Please name for me one other religion that is effectively doing this other than Jehovah's organization, Jehovah's Witnesses.

Mark 13:10: “In all the nations the good news has to be preached first.”

(Matthew 24:14) . . .And this good news of the kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations; and then the end will come.

Matt. 25:31, 32, 46: “When the Son of man [Jesus Christ] arrives in his glory, and all the angels with him, then he will sit down on his glorious throne. And all the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate people one from another, just as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. And these will depart into everlasting cutting-off, but the righteous ones into everlasting life.”

Matt. 24:21, 22: “Then there will be great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world’s beginning until now, no, nor will occur again. In fact, unless those days were cut short, no flesh would be saved; but on account of the chosen ones those days will be cut short.” 

(Revelation 11:18) . . .bring to ruin those ruining the earth.. . .


Prov. 2:21, 22: “The upright are the ones that will reside in the earth, and the blameless are the ones that will be left over in it. As regards the wicked, they will be cut off from the very earth; and as for the treacherous, they will be torn away from it.”

Ps. 37:29, 34: “The righteous themselves will possess the earth, and they will reside forever upon it. Hope in Jehovah and keep his way, and he will exalt you to take possession of the earth. When the wicked ones are cut off, you will see it.”

2 Pet. 3:9: “Jehovah is not slow respecting his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire any to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.”

With this last verse in mind, wouldn't it be wise to at least listen to the message God's people are delivering?  How can that hurt?  Your life and perhaps the lives of your loved ones may be at stake. Why take a chance?  The next time Jehovah's Witnesses come to your door ask them about these things.  Ask them for their free book, "What Does the Bible Really Teach?"  There is still time, but I am afraid Jehovah's patience is not limitless.  The wheels are in motion and soon the doors will be closed and it will be too late.  Please...
