You know the Bible talks about not the world ending but the system of things.

People are wrapped up in theorys, false teachings and really the truth is overlooked.

1914 was the beginning of the last days WW1 as Revelation tells us 1third of the angels and Satan were cast down to the earth, Jesus became King and this generation will not pass until Armageddon comes, so we know it is soon.

Jesus said

Matthew 24:3,7-14
3 While he was sitting upon the Mount of Olives, the disciples approached him privately, saying: “Tell us, When will these things be, and what will be the sign of your presence and of the conclusion of the system of things?”
7 “For nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be food shortages and earthquakes in one place after another. 8 All these things are a beginning of pangs of distress. 9 “Then people will deliver YOU up to tribulation and will kill YOU, and YOU will be objects of hatred by all the nations on account of my name. 10 Then, also, many will be stumbled and will betray one another and will hate one another. 11 And many false prophets will arise and mislead many; 12 and because of the increasing of lawlessness the love of the greater number will cool off. 13 But he that has endured to the end is the one that will be saved. 14 And this good news of the kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations; and then the end will come.

and Timothy wrote

2 Timothy 3:1-5
But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. 2 For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, self-assuming, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, p 3 having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, r slanderers, without self control, fierce, without love of goodness, 4 betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than
lovers of God, 5 having a form of godly devotion but proving false to its power; and from these turn away.

Jehovah's word has never failed us and as everything he says always happens we can be sure Amageddon will come to.

For more information contact local Jehovah's Witnesses for your free Bible study we offer, or watchtower.org and click yes :) Feel free to E-mail me questions or whatever

Peace
