Savannah breeders do not have to own a Serval unless they absolutely want to breed F1s (half Serval, half domestic cat).  I'm glad you recognize that owning a Serval is absolutely not for everyone.  
And there  are enough Savannahs by now,  and they've bred  enough generations that there are fertile males,  so you would not  HAVE to outcross to other breeds.  I would think it would be better for a new breeder to get  show/breeding quality Savannahs.

There were all sorts of breeds originally used as the Savannah breed was being developed,  and that did include some Bengals, though it is not now an allowed outcross.   The Savannah breeders have moved toward a more consistent type.    Bengals' and Savannahs' body types, ear shapes, etc. are very different,  so you'd probably get spotted kittens but they  probably would not otherwise have the real Savannah look.

However,  the answers that say you could not register the kittens are incorrect. Lori is right and knows what she's talking about.  By TICA registration rules you could register the kittens from such a breeding as Savannahs but with a special registration prefix that denotes it is from a non-permitted outcross, and you would not be allowed to show  them or their descendents until after 3 generations of breeding to Savannahs. 
 So technically they could be registered as  Savannahs but not showable, and they probably wouldn't look very Servally.   so not what people would be looking for. 
 
I hope you will not just jump into breeding until after you have done a lot more learning so you're more prepared.  You should definitely join some Savannah Yahoo groups as Lori  suggested. 

A  good way to learn and network would be to start out by  spending a year or so showing an altered Savannah.   After that  if  you still want to breed and have the time and money to devote to it,   you could  be in a much better position to convince the best Savannah breeders that you are into it for the right reasons, so they would be willing to sell you breeding cats and mentor you
