I'm guessing that you pick one answer after each question?

1) The form logic uses to arrange deductive arguments is a standard form called a syllogism. Syllogisms contain... 
"2 statements called premises and a conclusion". This is true! This is a syllogism by a definition.
"absolute statements based in science and a hypothesis". This is not true - syllogisms are not necessarily scientific, and the last portion is not a hypothesis, but a deduction
"arcane facts and hidden premises, followed by a claim". This is only sometimes true.
"provable facts followed by a proven hypothesis". This is not always true, as the premises are not always provable.


2) One of the following statements is not true. Identify that statement.
"Reasoning occurs only in deduction, not induction" This is false; both deduction and induction are forms of reasoning.
"Reasoning occurs in both induction and deduction" This is true; induction and deduction are the two types of reasoning.
"A generlization reached through induction can become a premise used in a deductive syllogism" This is true; deductive syllogisms are formed from large premises, which are often formed from inductive reasoning.
"A deductive syllogism contains a major premise and a minor premise" This is also true; there is the major premise, a minor premise, and a conclusion.

3) Syllogisms
"allow logicians to determine what is being said". This is not necessarily accurate, considering that 'what is being said' is a really weird way to put it. I would've put a question mark next to this answer.
"assist in identifying valid arguments" This is true. Syllogisms can expose valid arguments, even if they're not factually correct.
"allows us to find out whether an argument makes sense". This is true too, sort of. Kind of weird, like the first one.
"do all of the above" I would probably choose this answer.




Since all of your questions seem to be about logic and syllogisms, I'll give a quick summary as to what they are, just in case. 

A syllogism is a structured form of deductive reasoning that contains two premises and a conclusion. This includes a major premise and a minor premise. A premise is basically an assumption - so basically a big assumption, a little assumption, and then what you can get from them. So the classic one is...

"All men are mortal" ----> major premise
"Socrates is a man" ----> minor premise
"Therefore Socrates is mortal" ----> conclusion

However, while syllogisms are valid, they are not always necessarily true! If your premises are incorrect, you can still reach a VALID conclusion that is factually incorrect. "(ie. "All men live forever, Socrates is a man, therefore Socrates will live forever")

Deductive reasoning is basically just that - forming a logical conclusion from bigger facts; it's the more common form of reasoning. Inductive is the opposite - you take something small and apply it to something bigger. (example: you go outside when it's raining, you get wet - you inductively reason that if anyone or anything goes out into the rain, it will get wet. With this, you go from a small fact (your experience) to a larger conclusion)
