Viking Scotland
Although there was certainly contact between Scotland and Scandinavia in earlier times, the earliest recorded Viking activity in Scotland was an attack on the monastery of Colmcille on Iona in 795, and the first permanent, large-scale settlement of people from Norway in the Northern Isles of Shetland and Orkney is usually held to date from c.8oo, while comparable settlement on the northern Scottish mainland and in the Western Isles (especially Lewis) would appear to have begun some fifty years later.
http://www.fife.50megs.com/vikings.htm

During the Autumn of 1263 a Viking king, King Haakon IV sailed into the waters off Largs with a huge fleet. He wanted to capture more land and add the islands of Cumbrae and Bute to his Kingdom. The Scottish King of the time, King Alexander knew of the impending battle, so he filled all his castles in the West with armed men and also had an army ready and waiting at Camphill on the Haylie Brae.which lies between Largs and Kilbirnie.

On the 1st of October 1263, storms raged over Largs. The Viking longships were blown ashore. A battle took place, called The Battle of Largs, between the Vikings and the Scots. The battle site lay between the beach, the road to Fairlie and Broomfields. The Scottish army managed to force the Vikings back to their ships. This was the last raid by Vikings on mainland Scotland. According to tradition on the night of the attack a barefoot Norseman stepped on a thistle and cried out in pain. This alerted the Scots and helped them win the battle. Other sources of information suggest, it was a hard fought battle with many killed or wounded on both sides and it was not clear who had won.

In 1912 "the Pencil" was built to remind the people of Largs of the battle. Every year the Larg's Viking link is celebrated with a Viking festival. A Viking village is built, the battle of Largs is re-enacted and a great fireworks display takes place at the Pencil, which marks the place of the battle site.

Many place names in Largs use Viking words, for example Haco Street, after King Haco and Danefield Avenue after the Viking language Danish. 
http://www.viking.no/e/info-sheets/scotland/largs.htm

The early inhabitants of Nairn were the Picts, and Nairn was subjected to Viking invasions until the tenth century.  Here is information about the battle of Mortlach. We found the information out of a book about Grampian battles.  The battle of Mortlach was fought in 1010 by King Malcolm the 2nd against the Danes. The Vikings approached from Carron House on Speyside four miles to the West of Duftown and camped at a place called Little Conval, while King Malcolm's army had come from the East via Glen-fiddich and camped on the other side of the river at Auchindoun. The two armies met near the monastery of Mortlach beside a river called the Dullan Water which ran in between the two armies. The battle took place near the Giant's Chair and the monastery of Mortlach. The Giant's Chair is a bit cut out of a rock that looks like a chair fit for a giant.

Catching sight of the assembled Vikings the Scots attacked with more hast than sense! Three of their leaders were killed, the three leaders were Kenneth, Thain of the Isles: Dunbar, Thain of Laudian and Graeme, Thain of Strathern. They became rather confused and fell back a little. At this critical moment King Malcolm fell on his knees facing the chapel and prayed to God and St. Moluag for victory. In return the King vowed to build a cathedral church on the site of the chapel to testify that with God's support, Scotland had been defended. In fact he made the chapel three spear lengths longer. (a spear length is four metres). The Scots attacked again and the Vikings retreated. King Malcolm is supposed to have thrown the Danish general Enetus off his horse and strangled him. The Scots pursued the Vikings up towards Balvenie Castle with great slaughter by the victorious Scots! Afterwards in the grounds of the castle they dug the grave pits where the dead bodies were thrown.
http://www.viking.no/e/info-sheets/scotland/mortlach.htm
