actually no! it can not be related....

as we know hair loss can be caused by many different reasons! Find out the actual cause of hair loss! There are many causes of loss of hair such as stress, poor nutrition ,medications, thyroid dysfunctions, illness, fungal infections ,hormonal problems, to mention a few.

year ago I suffered very much from dandruff and hair loss too and I started trying everything you can imagine to stop my hair loss.
the things that really worked for me was:

1) Vitamin A - an anti-oxidant which promotes healthy production of sebum in the scalp;

2) Vitamin E stimulates circulation. Good blood circulation in the scalp is important in keeping hair follicles productive. The 'B' vitamins contribute to melanin, which gives hair its healthy color and also stimulates blood circulation;

3) massage is also beneficial. Massage stimulates circulation. As already noted, good circulation in the scalp keeps hair follicles active. Experts suggest a few minutes of daily head massage by hand. Circulation through massage may be improved by using a few drops of lavender or bay essential oil in an almond or sesame oil base with massage;

4) Try rubbing your scalp with garlic juice, Onion Juice or Ginger Juice(you can either of one out of three, Do not mix any of two or three);

5) also he used herbal treatment - TrichoZed or/and Provilluss (do not use Rogaine - it will not work!)
Those are a good products that helps prevent hair loss and contains Biotin and the clinically tested ingredients approved by the FDA to help re-grow your hair.! I think it is very important!

It worked and still works for me!

I do not know if any pharmacies carry TrichoZed but I do know that you should purchase it directly from the manufacturer and read more about the product here
 
http://www.trichozed.info/ingredients.php

and here 

http://www.provillus.com/?aid=221781


It enhances hair growth by blocking DHT (Dihydrotestostrone) - a major cause of hair loss!

Also Informative video about Provillus  - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ydvCHhbRkk

good luck!

not only my own personal experience +  working as a family physician

http://www.trichozed.info

http://www.provilluss.info
