If you are in the USA, Steroids are a Schedule III controlled substance, so you are not allowed to buy or possess them without a prescription.

So bodybuilders either have a doctor who will prescribe them or they are buying them illegally.  90% of the time, its the latter.

Most of the roids used in the US and Canada are made in underground labs using products manufactured in China.  China ships powder over here and the labs "boil" it into various types of vegetable oil.  Some roids on the market are from the big pharma companies, but most are knock-offs that are cheaper but just as effective.  The underground labs make great products.  They typically have a higher concentration of "steroid" in them.  For example, "Deca" is a commonly used roid.  It comes in 100mg/ml concentration from the pharmacy but 300mg/ml from the underground labs.  They also make a 450mg/ml product, but at that concentration the shot hurts for a few days and leaves a bit of a bruise.  That is my first and last bottle of that stuff!  :-O

The thing you heard about it being liquid in your muscles... its sorta true... sorta.  Most roids are oil based, although there are some that are water based.  Either way, you're injecting water or oil into some muscle.  But from there it dissipates and goes into your blood stream where it gets to work and is gone from that muscle after a few days. (Maybe longer?  I'm not sure.  Water-based products are gone within a couple days for sure.)

Testosterone is the "steroid" that occurs naturally in a guy's body.  Chemists have modified the testosterone molecule to make synthetic steroids that don't cause all the side effects that they used to get years ago when the guys used to just pump themselves full of testosterone.  Products like Deca Durabolin have very few side effects.

So... the side effects... that's the big topic with roids... first off, Roid Rage is a myth.  It doesn't exist.  Period.

A guy's balls will shrink while on roids, because they are no longer being asked to produce testosterone because the hypothalamus sees all the roids and thinks he's got plenty of testosterone so it stops sending the signal to produce it.  You don't want to keep this up for too long (like 6 months or more) because the guy's balls might forget how to make testosterone.  This is easily fixed though but either taking a break after a few months or taking some HCG for a week or two which reminds the guy's balls how to make test again.  And gets them to do it.  Either way, unless you go crazy and stay on roids for a year straight, everything starts working again within a month or two after you stop.

They say roids cause heart problems.  Sort of.  They raise your cholesterol.  Big ****ing deal, so does eating at McDonalds.  You don't freak the **** out when you see your friend eating and McD do you?  :-)  Athletes taking roids are not at risk of heart problems due to cholesterol... they're athletes, their HDH is high and their LDL is low.

Impotence.  Because you aren't making any testosterone, you can't get hard unless you take some testosterone.  So take some testosterone   Simple as that.

Hair loss.  The roids that are chemically converted to "DHT" in a guy's body will cause hair loss.  Pure testosterone is the big culprit here, but there are some others, like Equipoise.  I recommend staying away from those.  Unless you're bald anyway.  In that case, go for it.  :-)

Liver / kidney damage.  Pills/tablets are hard on your liver.  So don't do them.  Do injectibles instead.

Hopefully that's the type of information you were looking for.
