Can Knowledge be a Benefit or a Burden?

Knowledge is power. It is the source of today’s cures for diseases, technology, and higher life quality. Not even the richest person in the world could outshine the glowing aura of a genius who could cure cancer. Unfortunately, this very same knowledge can sometimes lead to destruction. The enlightenment which we greatly rely on can harm us for three main reasons.

First, knowledge has cost a great number of lives. The best example of this can be seen during World War II. During this time, scientist Emilio Gino Segrè had discovered the potential of plutonium as a source of great power. From one perspective, this would have led to a far more efficient source of electricity; however, people looked the other way toward plutonium’s potential as a bomb. The US immediately relayed this information to scientist Robert Oppenheimer, who led the Manhattan Project with the objective of creating the bomb. At the end of its development, the “atomic” bomb was used to blow up two Japanese cities: Nagasaki and Hiroshima. The death toll on the day of the bombing was 240,000, 25% of the cities’ total population. Later, the radiation of the bomb wiped out another 65,000 people. During this event, the exciting potential of plutonium had nothing to do with helping people live with more lights.

Second, knowledge can lead to a decrease in jobs for people. Today, machines have the ability to do many things without the help of a human. With a simple push of a button, people can sit back while the machine does its job. This is a phenomenal advance from the past few centuries. But at what cost? Since a task that once required 100 strongmen to accomplish now only takes one person that can push a button, countless numbers of people lose their jobs. Just two centuries ago during the Industrial Revolution, new factories and machines were developed and created in the US. These machines could accomplish feats that were inconceivable at the time, such as harvesting in less than an hour or spinning and weaving textiles at astounding speeds. Now, even women could join the workforce, since the physical strength of men was not required. However, because of this improvement, many were fired because they could not keep up with the machines; in the end, all of these people were forced into poverty.

Third, the application of our knowledge has led us to disregard our environment. Several decades ago, no one knew that the environment was affected by machines and factories. Today, despite the fact that we know the Earth is dying, we continue to use gas and burn coal. This is because we have reached a point where we cannot live without such conveniences. Thomas Fuller, an English historian, stated, “We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.” In the same manner, we are ignoring the value of our planet and, unfortunately, people won’t fully realize the Earth’s value until it is turned into wastelands by the factories.

In conclusion, knowledge can be a double-edged sword. It protects and improves people who use it well. However, when used in a careless manner, the sword of knowledge will cut the very person who is wielding it. Whether we use it to protect or destroy is in entirely our hands. If we want to decrease deaths, decrease poverty, and protect our world, knowledge must remain nothing but an asset of positive development.

