It's wrong, but expected and understandable. The only reason anyone has them to sell is down to money, as the motive to recover them at the vast expense it costs to build and deploy the submarine and robot collection method meant it was never going to be a charitable mission in the first place. Any 'benefit' to people today by having them available to see, can only be realised by paying to view them as part of an exhibition, since travelling 2.5 miles to the bottom of the Atlantic to view them in-situ is beyond the means or abilities of most of us. Recovery of them was only possible by those who had the technology and ability, funded by investors who knew they would secure a return by virtue of the huge public interest in all things Titanic.

After reaping return on the investment by touring exhibitions over the years, it figures that they will want to capitalise on the centenary of the disaster to secure the highest price possible for the collection as it stands.

It's good at least they are selling as an entire collection, and not as individual artefacts. They would probably make more by doing this, but have at least been mindful that an auction of separate pieces would disperse the collection to a large number of individuals, and most would vanish from any chance of public view into private collections for personal 'enjoyment' 

At least by selling as an entire collection in a single lot, there remains the most likely scenario that it will be bought by an investment group or organisation that will seek to exploit the continuing exhibition potential, and it will continue to be available to all at an admission fee.

It's a pity we can't hear the views of those who perished, and provided much of the material for the auction. Certainly, if it were me looking into the future and knew that one of my shoes would be sold to the highest bidder, I'd want them to think about how much personal suffering and family grief lay behind something that I once owned and ended up at the bottom of the sea through a tragedy. I wouldn't mind at all though if I knew it would end up 'belonging' as part of an entire collection bought by a museum or non-profit body that would let anyone see them, and study them, in perpetuity for free. Don't think that's going to happen with the Titanic artefacts though...
