"In Bangladesh, women constitute half the total population and the majority of them live below poverty line. Despite efforts at local, national, and international levels, women and girls continue to face discrimination.  Over the last few years, women have become visible as productive labor force, but they are deprived of their rights. Women generally work longer hours than men, but they are paid less than men and receive lower benefits. Women’s roles are often invisible, as they tend to be more informal in nature, such as self-employment and subsistence production. Undoubtedly, it is an atrocious conspiracy to undervalue women's work and their contribution to society. In Bangladesh, female domestic workers are treated badly too. This under-valuation not only reduces women's bargaining power, but also deprives them of the legal rights. Men hold the majority of positions of power and decision-making in the public sphere, with the result that decisions and policies tend to reflect the needs and preferences of men, not women. Women are dependent on men throughout their lives, from their fathers through to husbands, brothers or sons. The perceived lesser value and limited roles of girls and women are embedded in the socio-economic system.  As the statistics illustrate, majority of girls are not receiving an education of an acceptable standard. Reaching the 10 per cent of girls who never enroll in school remains a challenge. Additionally, women are denied their rights to land and property, financial resources and health care, amongst others. In many cultures, women and girls are subject to female genital mutilation / cutting, and are harmed and even killed in the name of tradition. Women’s larger share of reproductive work, often known as the unpaid care economy, is undervalued as well as statistically invisible. Socially constructed roles too often thwart the potential of girls and women.  Discrimination denies them health care and education. It hides information that they can use to protect themselves from HIV/AIDS. Discrimination robs girls and women of the power to make decisions, to earn a living and to be free from violence, abuse and exploitation. Often it deprives them of any legal protection at all.  But life doesn't have to be this grim for girls. Girls can be provided with opportunities to finish school and be prepared to find jobs, marry at a safe and healthy age, avoid abuse, and bring up healthy, educated children of their own, perpetuating societal and economic growth."

I've been writing an article and this is one of the paragraphs. I guess its too big and I can not be strict while proofreading my writings and making them shorter... So please, proofread this and make it shorter :D

