im sorry its a long story, if you cant read it all just read the last paragraph. 

The problem is that a friend of mine went to a party last Thursday, and ended up sleeping with some guy (I am not him). She is worried that she might be pregnant, and is due in on the tenth, so we will know then. I am the only one she is talking to right now but I need to know what to say in order to help her. I know that I am not the right person and that I dont have the advise that she needs, so I have been reading on information and talking to some hotlines.
 
They have been very helpful with data and statistics and I have read a lot on physically what has to be done but I have no idea how to comfort her mentally or what do say to prepare her to make the decisions that could be coming up. I have done my best to get her to talk to her parents but she graduated this year and has moved out, and doesnt want to tell them. I know that I need to make her understand why they have to know but I dont know how. If you have any inspiring words about what it would mean to be a grandparent, how a parents love is unconditional, or some other form of persuasion that would be helpful. Right now I am getting the numbers of the financial aid that she will likely need. 
 
Worst case scenerio if she refuses to tell her parents then I will probably be responsible for giving her emotional support. I dont know what to say though so I am sure I will need your help there. Am I right in pushing her to tell her parents or is that her decision to make? Also, if in a couple of days she tells me that she is pregnant what should be the first thing that I should say? I was really blindsided today when she said that she might be pregnant, but i really think she will cope better if I have something useful to say.
 
I guess basically what I need is a way to convince her to talk to her parents about it comforting words to say to her, as well as a way of telling her to avoid these kind of situations in the future without sounding too jugdemental. She has not mentioned taking a pregnancy test, and I didnt want to suggest it until after I was prepared to help her. Right now she hasn't said anything to me about whether she plans to keep the baby, give it up for adoption, or have an abortion. I really dont want to be the one she talks to about this though. While this is probably where I have the strongests opinions and will be the most helpful, I am certain that is something that needs to be decided between her and her family. I think I have already been forced to step over my bounds how it is.
sorry i should of been more clear, she moved away a year ago, we dont live in the same state, also, that being the case i wasnt the one who got her pregnant.

