I pretty much know what which way I will go, but I just wanted to see if there is anything else out there I haven't heard of.

Pros to Circumcision:
General appearance (Vanity) 
Easier to clean
Statistics show less:UTIs (Urinary Tract Infections), & Infection STD's, AIDS, & Cancer

Cons to Circumcision: 
Loss of sensitivity
Risk of infection after procedure
Anastasia is only used 25% of the time

Well I think after researching I found the reasons for Circumcision are unnecessary. 

Vanity= Really its to the eye of the beholder. All of us down there look pretty unattractive to me. So that didn't sway me.

Easier to Clean= Well actually all of us should clean ourselves daily, if we don't we all will be more susceptible to get infection and that doesn't even leave out women. I don't think it should be to hard for a man to pull back some skin and clean themselves daily so surly they don't mean that. So I thought maybe they mean harder to clean a baby and I began to think how do I clean my intact son, so I did some research and found its as easy as my two daughters diaper changes if not easier. You don't pull back the foreskin on an infant, because at this age the skin is like your fingernail attached and if you did forcibly pull it back you are causing harm. The only baby who needs extra care is the baby who is circumcised. Until the circumcised baby's penis heals you will need to keep it clean and dry, applying gauze and creams to prevent infection. So that didn't sway me either.

Stat.s show less UTI, Infection, STD's, AIDS, & Cancer= Well statistics are just #'s and it really depends on where you get your #'s to know how accurate they are. Example: If I study a group of men in Africa for UTI's where there is little water to drink, little lone wash my # are not as accurate as those in the US Canada Europe etc. And if you are going to tell me you want me to believe that if a Uncirc man. and a Circ. man sticks his penis in a woman that has an STD, the man who is Circ. will pull it out and not contract the STD where the man who is Uncirc. will, than you must think I'm pretty dumb. So that didn't sway me either.

For me what it all boils down to is my son should have the choice when he comes of age and feels he needs to get Circumcised than he can if I make that decision for him he has no way of getting it back at least not the way it was naturally intended.
Really I wasn't looking for anyone to agree or disagree with me, only for people to give me any information I didn't have yet. 

I don't really care what ....others think I should do or what they ...do, thats there right to their own opinion. 

I do feel this is a social issue thats why people are set in there ways about it, I think its funny how the same people who think male circumcision is natural and normal most likely don't feel the same way about female circumcision.

