THE DANGERS OF SMOKING
Juliana Okereke
Sec:7,8

All  smokers must quit now!!! Scientists have discovered that smoking kills more people then Aids, alcohol, car accidents, suicide, and illegal drugs put together.Statistics shows that 22.3% of U.S citizens smoke. Smoking  causes many different health risks, coast a lot of money, and is linked to environmental tobacco smoke, which is known has second hand smoking.

Studies have shown that smoking is dangerous to a smoker’s health and that 4,000 chemicals found in  cigarettes  can cause cancer. In addition, smoking  causes 30% of all cancer deaths. In 1982 Surgeon General stated   That “Cigarette smoking is a major cause of cancer in the United states”. This is as true today as it  was in 1982. Cancer is only half of the health problems caused by smoking. Smoking also causes heart disease, bronchitis, emphysema, and strokes.Addentionly, smoking can  cause Osteoporosis, which is a disease that causes older people to become bent over and break there bones easily. Smoking is also said to shorten  your life by 14 years.

Not only can smoking harm you, it can also cost you a lot of money. It is estimated that  smoking just a pack a day, can cost you $1,800 a year wait there is more, smoking over the course of a life time can cost you $58,400.000 dollars! For example, smoker Barney has to pay $12 per day for one and a half pack of  cigarettes that’s $4,380 per  year. This is money you could spend on something useful  such as helping the poor, buying a new car, or save for some thing special you may want to buy, later in your life.

 Furthermore, not only can smoking harm the smoker, it can also harm the people around him or she  too. This is known as second hand smoking or environmental tobacco smoke. Statistics says that 3,000 people die of second hand smoking each year.  There are 2 types of second hand smoking:  mainstream smoke and side stream smoke.Mianstream smoke is when half of the smoke is inhaled or exhaled. Sidesream smoke is when  smoke floats in the air. Second hand smoking can cause a lot of  health issues such as  lung cancer, nasal sinus, cavity cancer, cervical cancer, breast cancer, and bladder cancer. In addition too, second-hand smoking has a greater risk on children it can worsen  their  asthma conditions and can cause sudden infant death or (SID).

In conclusion, based on my research on the dangers of smoking, I think all smokers  should quit because of its  heath risks, heavy expenses on ones income, as well as hazards to  the environment. In fact, in 1982  Surgeon General said that former smokers   live longer than continuing smokers. For example, people  who smoked  and quit before the age of  50 have half the  risk of  dying in the next 15 years compared with continuing smokers. But even though 70% of smokers want to quit and 35% attempt to quit, sadly only 5% succeed in quitting. A  famous quote, I think has to do with smoking is “Cigarettes are killers that travel in packs”; This quote tells about  the danger of smoking. I think that if anyone ever chooses to smoke he or she is making a very bad decision.

