If anyone has studied logical fallacies, you might recognize some of the following logical fallacies used by Bobby Jindal last night.   

Fallacy 1.) Appeal to Fear: creating fear in people to constitute evidence for a claim.
Fallacy 2.) Misleading Vividness: Making future predictions on dramatic events that don't coincide with statistics

Jindal's use of Appeal to Fear and Misleading Vividness: 
"..some bureaucrat showed up and told them they couldn't go out on the water unless they had proof of insurance and registration...Harry just told the boaters to ignore the bureaucrats and go start rescuing people. There is a lesson in this experience: The strength of America is not found in our government." 
(As if to imply that supporting the stimulus plan will inhibit emergency aid for disaster victims)
-------------------------------

Fallacy 3.) Factual Error

Jindal's use of Factual Error: 
"That is why Republicans put forward plans to create jobs by lowering income tax rates for working families...But Democratic leaders in Congress -- they rejected this approach." 
(FACT: The stimulus plan includes tax cuts for 95% of working families: http://www.whitehouse.gov/agenda/economy/ )
--------------------------------

Fallacy 4.) Straw Man Argument: Sensationalizing or exaggerating someones views to make them seem more refutable

Jindal's use of the Straw Man Argument: "Democratic leaders say their legislation will grow the economy.Who among us would ask our children for a loan, so we could spend money we do not have, on things we do not need? That is precisely what the Democrats in Congress just did. It's irresponsible." 
(The stimulus bill was passed to hemorrhage runaway unemployment. This is an exaggerated view of the Democratic agenda.)
-------------------------------------

Fallacy 5.) Factual Error

Jindal's use of Factual Error (again) :"What we oppose is universal government-run health care. Health care decisions should be made by doctors and patients, not by government bureaucrats."
(FACT: "Under the Obama-Biden plan, patients will be able to make health care decisions with their doctors, instead of being blocked by insurance company bureaucrats." -- http://www.whitehouse.gov/agenda/health_care/ )

There were also some examples of Red Herring and Ad Hominem in his speech. Your thoughts?
Adam- Right on.
Transcript: http://www.cnn.com/2009/POLITICS/02/24/sotn.jindal.transcript/index.html
Brian- It's from his transcript of the speech...I'm not interpreting what he said- I'm quoting him.
Se Hablo Ingles: Appeal to Fear and Misleading Vividness do not apply to Obama's warnings because they coincide with statistical evidence of runaway unemployment. Nice try.
Jim- If you're implying that i'm incorporating contextomy, I'll direct you to the transcript above. You'd have to be impaired to miss Jindal's link between growth of government and hypothetical loss of freedom.
Brian- Jindal said Democrats rejected tax cuts as an approach. That IS indeed false. Claiming that I'm taking him out of context for saying that is laughable.
Brian- I understand your reasoning. But is it not illogical for Jindal to propose the Democrats have NO interest in taxs when a large portion of the stimulus is just that? I think you're missing this point. He said that democrats flat-out "rejected" tax cuts as a solution. You can dice me up all you like- but what you should take from this is that HIS statement was indeed misleading.
Brian- To quote you "That is not a hypothetical, it is a fact and one our Founding Fathers knew well" 

--well, that's a fallacy called Appeal to Tradition. Google it. ☺☻

