Hey everyone (:
for english, we have to write an argumentative essay on pretty much anything. I chose 'The legal drinking age should be lowered to 16' I have to cut out about fifty words of the essay and I'm not quite sure which bits I should cut out. It would be really cool if you could read over the essay and give me advise on it a a whole as well as specifying which parts I should leave out. Thank you so much :)

----

‘’The legal drinking age of eighteen years is ridiculous. It is unrealistic and old-fashioned and should be lowered to sixteen years.’’

The current, legal drinking age in South Africa, as well as for most of the rest of the world is 18. Many people consider this unrealistic. The question is: would they still consider lowering the legal age to 16 appropriate is they knew that this would put their own children at risk?

Alcohol is a drug that works directly on the central nervous system. It affects mood and behaviour and has many side effects, especially on young people. The legal drinking age exists in order to protect under-eighteens from the damages that can be done by this toxin.

Under the age of 18, teenagers have not yet developed the cognitive, social or psychological mechanisms that one needs in order to make logical, responsible and thoughtful decisions about matters requiring insight and judgement. They have not yet completed the physical maturing process which is vital to the human development. The intake of alcohol under these conditions can cause lifelong deficits. It has been scientifically proven that alcohol dulls anyone’s ability to make a thoughtful decision.

Peer pressure is one of the main problems amongst teenagers. Peer pressure is already linked to under-age alcohol abuse and lowing the legal drinking age would increase this. It would also make alcohol a lot more accessible and available for anyone. Binge Drinking is also a commonly popular amongst teens and extremely dangerous. Lowing the legal drinking age and making alcohol more accessible would increase the number of this type of events.

Alcohol has many side-effects which can be influential for the rest of our lives. It has physical as well as psychological effects. The physical effects include immature organs being poisoned by alcohol or the heart to stop beating, as well as hypothermia, coma from too little sugar, injuries, or even fatal accidents. Alcohol abuse amongst teens is responsible for at least five thousand deaths yearly. The use of alcohol amongst teenagers also has psychological effects such as an increase of aggression, decreased interest in academic success and a high risk in sexual behaviour which could possibly lead to AIDS or other STI’s. It can also cause the distancing of teens from their parents. Alcohol is often considered a ‘gateway’ drug to other, even more damaging drugs.

In South Africa, poverty, amongst many other things, can cause people to fall into the habit of wanting to escaping reality for a few hours, under the influence of alcohol. Lowering the legal drinking age would cause teens to do the same. This would only add to the poverty and to the many other social problems in our country. The abuse of alcohol amongst teens can also cause in increase in crime and anti-social behaviour.

In many European countries, the use of certain low-percentage alcohols such as beer, wine or champagne for teenagers from the age of 16 is allowed. Some may argue that this is a good solution as to having a gradual approach to the use of alcohol which nowadays, is socially accepted. However, statistics prove that this does not solve the problem. The number of accidents of teens under the influence of alcohol has stayed the same, which proves that this does not make you more responsible.

The legal drinking age of 18 years is appropriate and should not be lowered to 16. It protects teenagers from the effects that the abuse of alcohol can have, which they are not yet capable of understanding. They are not capable of thinking ahead in this aspect, based on all the information contained in this text. In addition to maintaining the current legal drinking age, teenagers must be educated about the physical and psychological effects that alcohol can have on them, by their parents, as well as their teachers.

(621 Words)

