What are the main groups of bacteria ruling earth now?

There are three main groups of bacteria ruling earth from the Arabic world: The moon bacteria, the sun bacteria, and the stars bacteria, which call themselves 666.

As their ability is to mimic and replicate they have replaced the original worshipers of the sun and keep them enslaved.  These Asian vermins have become white, black, yellow, and all species that they can replicate and so are the insects that are part of bacteria’s retinue.

The moon bacteria are worshipers of the moon.  They live mostly in darkness or shade and the insects serving them are night insects and if they are there during the day, they keep the sun at a lower level of heat using the clouds.

The sun bacteria are not really from flame planet, but use the light that pierces the clouds to glorify themselves as the sun.  In fact there is no bacteria that can resist flame.

The stars bacteria are the different branches of bacteria that are part or under the leadership of bacteria. They are replication of the main group. That is why when one kingdom does something,  all other kingdoms follow.

These three main groups are the nastiest bacteria ruling earth. Bacteria keep surfacing the planet as the scientist bacteria are digging the earth to bring them out.

These bacteria are living entities that feed on decay. They lived in people before, those that were buried.  They are waiting to be called to service because their hosts die.  They take turn to rule.  Those that live in king and kill their rulers have highest privileges.  The privileges go by their faces on money and other things in the kingdom they rule.  That is why only dead people are on money.  As such, the vermins that ate these poor people made rich by bacteria are rewarded with their face on money, celebration of their prowess every year in the form of memorial and other nastiness that they did.  

Their willing temples, the priests, and the rich, allowed them to do so as long as they continue to be in power.


Yah is a bacterial moon god. As all bacterial gods, they are bloodless and heartless.  They are flies, ticks, lice, mites, roaches, and all types of seen and unseen bacteria. Bah, cah, tah, nah, and all the 26 letters of all alphabets in any languages are bacteria's names.

