1. In poetry and fiction, the main reason for using vivid words is to
A. explain an idea.
B. create a mental image.
C. keep the reader guessing.
D. illustrate the writer’s bias.


2. The purpose of loaded words in advertisements is to
A. create an image.
B. compare two unlike things.
C. influence the reader.
D. illustrate bias.




Questions 3–6 are based on this passage.
Except for a few pigeons, Central Park was deserted. Mist hung above the chilled grass.
Patches of old snow, scattered here and there, looked like white puddles. The sun hung
just above the horizon, casting red and orange streaks across low-hanging clouds. The
portly, gray-haired gentleman jogging down the path looked out of place. For one thing,
he was dressed in ordinary street clothes, not a sweat suit. Also, every few seconds, he
looked anxiously back over his shoulder. Coming closer to me, I saw that his face was
flushed. He was panting, almost gasping. Abruptly, looking this way and that, he moved
behind a tree. Seeming not to notice my presence, he stood with his back against the
trunk, panting heavily. After a moment, he poked his head out to survey the path. It was
still empty, except for a squirrel that dashed across the path like a furry dart. I checked
my watch. It was now 7:30. Mentally marking the time, I aimed my camera toward the
man’s face.

3. In this paragraph, what time of day is the action taking place?
A. Around sunrise C. Around sunset
B. Around midnight D. Around noon

4. From this paragraph, what relationship can you infer between the jogger and the writer?
A. They are well known to each other.
B. They are complete strangers to each other.
C. The writer is doing a report on the jogger.
D. The writer is in danger from the jogger.

5. From the paragraph, you can conclude that the portly man is afraid of something. Which
one of the following elements gives the strongest evidence for that conclusion?
A. He’s panting.
B. He isn’t dressed in a jogging suit.
C. He’s running in a nearly deserted park.
D. He hides behind a tree.

6. In this paragraph, a white puddle is a simile for
A. mist. C. fear.
B. grass. D. snow.

Questions 7 and 8 are based on this poem.
Seasons are celebrations.

A year’s a Ferris wheel.
Both honor our world’s habit
of spinning ’round a star.

7. Which one of the following sentences best expresses the main idea of this poem?
A. The world has a habit of spinning around.
B. Season are celebrations, while a year on Earth is a habit.
C. Seasons and Ferris wheels are like Earth’s journey around the sun.
D. There are four seasons in a year.

8. In the first line of the poem, the poet is using a
A. loaded word. C. simile.
B. bias. D. metaphor.

Question 9 is based on this poem.


Some say life’s a monopoly game,
spread like a picnic to kill the grass,
assuring no winners save some ants,
until amid the fading rants,
none there are to punch one’s pass
into the halls of fame.

9. The metaphor for life in this poem is
A. a picnic. C. halls of fame.
B. a monopoly game. D. some ants.

10. Which one of the following sentences best explains the term bias?
A. Bias is an interpretation of something.
B. Bias is a negative opinion.
C. Bias exchanges a negative opinion for a positive one.
D. Bias is an opinion that favors one point of view.

11. Suppose the following sentence appears in the sports section of the newspaper:
Lorton’s experienced linemen performed well in handing Jefferson High’s Eagles a
crushing defeat.

What word in the sentence is most clearly a loaded word?
A. Experienced C. Crushing
B. Handing D. Defeat

12. Opinion often shows bias. Therefore, it’s good to remember that a fact is different from an
opinion because a fact can be proved or disproved with
A. imagery. C. evidence.
B. opinions. D. bias.


Question 13 is based on the following information about The Call of the Wild, a book by
Jack London.


The Call of the Wild is a story about a dog named Buck. Buck is a pampered dog who
lives with a wealthy family in southern California. During the Gold Rush, Buck is captured,
sold, and eventually shipped to Alaska to work as a sled dog. Along the way, Buck is mistreated
by a series of owners. Eventually he learns to survive as a member of a dog sled
team. As a result, Buck soon realizes that in the Yukon of Alaska “the law of club and fang”
is stronger than the rules of civilized society. With each new experience, Buck becomes
more acquainted with his primitive past. Finally, after losing the one person who treated
Buck well, Buck decides to return to living in the wild.

13. From the information above, which one of the following headlines would best represent the
theme of Jack London’s story?
A. Pampered Dog Moves to Alaska
B. Dog Learns the Ropes of Sled Teams
C. Dog Mistreated by Owners
D. Dog’s Roots Call Him Back


Question 14 is based on this excerpt from a short story.

Ins

