PLEASE  help me!!! i have looked on Google and my text books. Please help me i cant seem to find them. Everyone needs help now and then and im asking for it PLEASE!

11. Which method is NOT a way to measure humidity? 
A) Thin polymer film 
B) Hair hygrometer 
C) Sublimation 
D) Psychrometer 
12. The process by which a large droplet formed from the combination of many smaller droplet is called 
A) a down pour. 
B) sleeting. 
C) precipitation. 
D) coalescence. 
13. Currents within the clouds carry raindrops to higher levels where the drops freeze before they become 
A) sleet. 
B) hail. 
C) glazed ice. 
D) frost chunks. 
14. What might happen if enough energy is absorbed by liquid water? 
A) Condensation will occur 
B) Water will change to ice 
C) Water will change to a gas 
D) Water will never change 
15. The mass of water vapor in a unit of air relative to the mass of the dry air is called the 
A) absolute humidity. 
B) relative humidity. 
C) adiabatic lapse rate. 
D) mixing ratio. 
16. High-altitude clouds, which will take on the look of feathers, are called 
A) stratus clouds. 
B) cirrus clouds. 
C) cumulus clouds. 
D) cirrocumulus clouds. 
17. What is a dew cell used for? 
A) Measuring heat 
B) Measuring relative humidity 
C) Measuring absolute humidity 
D) Collecting moisture 
18. When the air temperature increases, the rate of evaporation 
A) decreases. 
B) increases. 
C) may increase. 
D) remains constant. 
19. How is a hair hygrometer used to measure humidity? 
A) As humidity increases, hair stays the same length. 
B) As relative humidity increases, hair becomes shorter. 
C) As relative humidity decreases, hair becomes shorter. 
D) A hair hygrometer is not used to measure humidity. 
20. Water vapor that has condensed very near the surface of the Earth is called 
A) stratus clouds. 
B) fog. 
C) cumulus clouds. 
D) cirrocumulus. 
21. Rain that freezes when it strikes a surface produces 
A) glazed ice. 
B) hail. 
C) frost. 
D) sleet. 
22. Humidity is controlled by 
A) temperature and light rays. 
B) heat and evaporation. 
C) atmosphere pressure and rates of condensation. 
D) rates of condensation and evaporation. 
23. Which two natural processes cause cloud droplets to grow large enough to fall as precipitation? 
A) Humidity and supercooling 
B) Water vapor and warm air 
C) Coalescence and supercooling 
D) Down drafts and coalescence 
24. In order for a cloud to form, the air temperature must drop below a certain level. All of the following are processes that can cause the cooling necessary for clouds to form EXCEPT 
A) conditioning. 
B) mixing. 
C) lifting. 
D) advective cooling. 
25. In order for clouds to form, the rate of evaporation must first be __________ the rate of condensation. 
A) unaffected by 
B) smaller than 
C) greater than 
D) in equilibrium with

