http://mayoclinic.com/health/infant-botulism/HQ00854
Answer
from Jay L. Hoecker, M.D.

Yes, honey can cause infant botulism. Honey is a known source of bacterial spores that produce Clostridium botulinum bacteria. When ingested by infants, these bacteria make a toxin that can cause infant botulism, a rare and serious form of food poisoning. For this reason, infants under 12 months of age should never be fed honey.

Infant botulism affects a baby's nervous system and can result in death. Most babies with infant botulism, however, do recover. Signs and symptoms of infant botulism include:

    * Persistent constipation
    * Floppy arms, legs and neck
    * Weak cry due to muscle weakness
    * Weak sucking and poor feeding
    * Tired all the time (lethargy)
    * Difficulty breathing

Botulism spores may also be found in low-acid home-canned foods and corn syrup. For this reason, you should avoid feeding these foods to infants. 

http://www.drgreene.org/body.cfm?id=21&action=detail&ref=825
The concern is with infant botulism.

Botulinum spores are found widely in soil, dust, and honey. Adults who swallow botulinum spores are almost never affected. When infants swallow the spores, however, the spores can germinate in their immature gastrointestinal tracts and begin producing botulinum toxin. This has occurred even when the honey was only used to sweeten a pacifier (European Journal of Epidemiology, Nov 1993).

Botulinum toxin is the most poisonous natural substance known to man. The lethal dose is only 0.0000001 mg per kg of body weight -- an amount that would be invisible to the naked eye. This tiny amount in the blood stream can cause death within minutes through paralysis of the muscles used in breathing.

Infant botulism has been found on every continent except Africa (Journal of Perinatology (2007) 27, 175–180). In the United States it is most common in the states of California, Utah, and Pennsylvania. While infant botulism can occur from taking in soil or dust (especially vacuum cleaner-bag dust), eating honey is the number one preventable cause. Corn syrups are not sterilized and may also be a source of contamination (The AAP Red Book, 2000).

Infant botulism can occur any time in the first year of life, but like SIDS it is most common in the first six months. In fact it has been suggested that it might be the cause of death in up to 10% of SIDS cases (Nelson Textbook of Pediatrics; Saunders 1992).

Thankfully, in most instances of infant botulism, the amount of toxin is so incredibly minuscule that the case remains mild. For this reason it is often misdiagnosed.

http://www.infantbotulism.org/
Honey is the one identified and avoidable food reservoir of C. botulinum, the bacterial spore that causes infant botulism. While most cases of infant botulism today are not caused by exposure to honey prior to illness, it is the only avoidable source of exposure to the bacteria. By a process of exclusion (testing over the years of hundreds of foods, beverages, and other items placed in infants' mouth with negative results), it was concluded that most infant botulism patients acquired their spores by swallowing microscopic dust particles on which the spores travel.

The California Department of Public Health (CDPH) prepared an informative brochure to increase awareness of avoiding feeding honey to infants under one year of age. The pamphlet is not copyrighted and CDHS encourages any and all interested parties to download, print, and distribute this brochure. To download this educational pamphlet (in PDF format) regarding avoidance of honey during the first year of life, click on a link below:
