Okay well there are some risks to using a tanning bed like getting skin cancer but these can be kept to a minimum if you only tan in moderation. This would mean going every other day for the first two weeks while building your base tan and then only going 2-3 times a week after wards to maintain the color. Usually the people who get skin cancer are the ones who go every single day for long amounts of time. And also some people are just predisposed to it like gingers are and they should not tan. Other than that the media has taken the whole tanning scare thing and blown it out of proportion. There's actually lots of benefits to tanning (Vitamin D, naturally raised mood, clearing skin conditions, etc.)

So anyway it takes several sessions usually to start seeing some color.
For the first time you go tanning they'll put you in for a short amount of time like 5-7 minutes depending on the bed and your skin type. Then after that as long as you don't burn at all they'll increase the time a minute or two each time you go. Tanning isn't too expensive, at the salons I've been to I've paid like $35 with a student discount to tan unlimited in the base beds for a month and I was able to upgrade to better beds a few times a month. Lotions can be expensive though, they start at $20 and can go up to $100 but they usually have little sample packets you can buy for like $5-$10. You can buy tantoos which are like these little stickers you put on yourself and after that you can tell the color you've gotten. And honestly I don't think the color you get from a tanning bed lasts as long as the color you get from the sun, but that's why you just keep up the tanning to maintain it!

Hope this helps :)

Edit* I just wanted to point out that tanning beds emit the same UV radiation that the sun does and the sun is no more safer than using a tanning bed. The sun might actually be more dangerous because it emits UVA, UVB, and UVC rays while tanning beds only emit UVA & UVB. Tanning in a salon is tanning in a more controlled environment.

& Tanning in a tanning bed or in the sun will not turn you orange, using fake self tanners is what will turn you orange.
