DEPRESSION
Depression is a widespread condition, affecting millions of people,  Those suffering from depression can experience intense feelings of sadness, anger, hopelessness, fatigue, and a variety of other symptoms. They may begin to feel useless and even suicidal, losing interest in things and people that they once enjoyed. Depression is often triggered by life circumstances, such as a loss of job, death of a loved one, divorce, or psychological problems such as abuse or low self-esteem. 

God apparently intends for us all to live joyful lives. This is not easy for someone suffering from situational depression, but it can be remedied through God's gifts of prayer, Bible study and  fellowship among believers. We must make the conscious effort to help them and take them through these. Feelings of depression can often be solved when those suffering with depression move the focus from themselves to Christ and others.

Clinical depression is a physical condition that must be diagnosed by a physician. It may not be caused by unfortunate life circumstances .Depression can sometimes be caused by a physical disorder that needs to be treated with medication and counselling. We should go for a medical check up.

We should consider letting God truly be God in our life, He will prove how big He really is, “for nothing is impossible with God” (Bible). Perhaps scars from past hurts have resulted in a sense of rejection or abandonment. That may lead to self-pity, anger, bitterness, vengeful thoughts, or unhealthy fears that have caused problems in some of our most important relationships and can lead to suicide.

No matter how bad things are in our life, there is a God of love who is waiting for them. Jesus endured all this so that they might have all sins forgiven. Whatever weight of guilt we carry, if we receive Him as our Saviour, He will forgive. God stands ready to repair what is “broken,” namely, the life we have now, the life we want to end by suicide. Jesus is calling us,“Come Unto me, all who are weary and heavy laden, and I will you rest”Contact for further help: www.spintruth.com interact24@yahoo.in
