Sorry to hear about your depression.  I suffered from that too in 2007 until Jesus took it away.  Only Jesus gives life.  Buddhism can't do anything but make it worse.  That's like trying to clean your car with a muddy towel.


Romans 3:23 - All have sinned
Exodus 20 gives you God’s law (10 commandments) which we will be judged  Keep in mind, Jesus sees hatred as murder and lust as adultery (Matthew 5).
Romans 6:23 - Wages of sin is death
Hebrews 9:27 - It is appointed man once to die, then comes judgment (no reincarnation/purgatory).
Revelation 21:8 - But as for the cowardly, the faithless, the detestable, as for murderers, the sexually immoral, sorcerers, idolaters, and all liars, their portion will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur, which is the second death.

God provided a narrow way out that most of the world will reject because of pride.  Man wants to earn salvation so they create religion but salvation is a free gift from God, not of works so that no man should boast, Ephesians 2:8-9
That narrow way out is Jesus, who said, I am the way, the truth and the life, know one comes to the father but by me John 14:6 - If there was another way to get to heaven, then Jesus died for no reason, God is smarter than that, he’s God.  

Mark 1:15 - The kingdom of heaven is at hand, repent and believe in the gospel.
2 Thessalonians 1:7-9 - The Lord Jesus is revealed is from heaven with his might angels in flaming fire, inflicting vengeance on those who do not know God and who do not obey the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ.  They will suffer the punishment of eternal destruction away from the presence of the Lord and the glory of his might.

So, you can see you broke God’s law and are guilty.  Jesus, essentially stepped in the court room and paid your fines/sentences so you wouldn’t have to.  

John 14:6 Jesus said, I am the way, the truth and the life, know once comes to the father but by me.
Mark 1:15 The kingdom of heaven is at hand, repent and believe in the gospel.
Repent of your sins and trust in Jesus to save you from hell as you would trust in a parachute to save your from a plane crash.  Read the Bible for yourself, start with the book of John
