It isn’t bad enough that the ILLEGALS aliens entering this country break the law in getting here and continue to be law breakers throughout their stay, they are now committing arson in order to get in.  ILLEGALS are targeting border patrol agents by starting forest fires near outposts in order to smoke them out and gain entry:

U.S. Border Patrol agents seeking to secure the nation’s border in some of the country’s most pristine national forests are being targeted by illegal aliens, who are using intentionally set fires to burn agents out of observation posts and patrol routes.


Armed smugglers of aliens and drugs have walked through the middle of active firefighting operations, the authorities said. Washington Times

While prosecutors look for way to put border patrol agents in jail for protecting our borders, ILLEGALS are starting fires that damage our forests, place people and property in danger, and hurt the environment by filling the air with smoke. Not to mention the wildlife displaced or killed by these dangerous acts. Where are the environmentalists?

Arson is a felony. Are we now allowed to arrest these cretins and place them in jail for a very long time? We keep hearing about how they only want to fit in and work to support their families but the reality is, they are dangerous and do not give a damn about who they hurt or what they damage. It is time to arrest those entering and/or committing other crimes and to capture and jail those who try to flee. I believe we should capture anyone observed trying to start a fire. More Minutemen on the border is a good thing. We also need to get rid of idiot prosecutors who put border patrol agents in jail while letting criminals run things. Perhaps we should see if they are receiving pay from other sources?

I believe the only way to get a handle on this invasion, given the current environment in Congress, is to move the entire Congress to the border between Mexico and the US. Make them work there and they will be singing a different tune.

Is this how people who only want to make a better life really act? How involved in this is the Mexican government? We need real answers and we need to put an end to this invasion.

