Great question, and I will make sure I tick "Interesting".

Why are people unaware of the origins and achievements of unionized labor?  Because those corporate hooligans who pull the strings of education and media presentations (including newscasts, press releases, and movie productions) would prefer to paint a grim picture of a unionized labor force.  It is to the benefit of financial corporateers to denigrade union labor.  That way they can pay out low wages, deregulate, or out-source the jobs to foreign countries and thereby remove costly safety and environmental standards...Off-shore is where the corporateers' 'sweat shops' run without the expense of medical, dental and retirement packages.

It is easier and cheaper to keep the common man ignorant of how the world works....A misinformed citizen will believe the 'spin', and will think that a high quality public education, a functional health care system, and a successful economy will be better put in the hands of 'privateers'.  However, we can see the 'trickle down' effect of 'mutant' capitalism so far.  I mean, banking fraud, home foreclosures, job lay-offs due to relocating manufacturing plants out of country, no regulation leading to environmental disasters.   A misinformed citizen will even go to wars based on the 'spin' and fabrications which the corporateers fill the press and broadcasts with.  

See: "Financial Terrorism by the International Monetary Fund"
http://www.blissful-wisdom.com/financial-terrorism-by-the-international-monetary-fund.html

or "How The World Works"
http://www.blissful-wisdom.com/how-the-world-works-two-videos.html

Even your question ends with you quibbling about a few lazy sods employed in the Unionized labor force.  When a CEO is corrupt....hundreds of thousands may become financially deprived....When leaders are on the take, war may ensue, to benefit the rich, while taxpayers foot the bill and innocents die by the hundreds of thousands.  While a lazy sod in a Union will eventually get his arse kicked.  And yet the people are squabbling over a union or non-unionized labor force??
