People think that vaccines cause problems like autism and should not be forced on children. There is no evidence of this, and while nothing is perfect these vaccines save lives. I am seriously disheartened to see conspiracy theories like this actually gaining weight. The Today show can get away with putting a Pediatrician next to a grieving mother and calling them both reasonable sources of information. I was recently reading an article (in Playboy if you can believe- what is this world coming to when they are the voices of reason?) discussing how the internet has allowed theories like this to gain momentum because “evidence” is so readily available, even if it is crap. McCain thinks that there is strong evidence of a link, and Obama has been quoted as saying that the evidence is inconclusive. Of course studies looking for a link are "inconclusive". There are a lot of factors to consider here, and autism used to not even be a diagnosis, the kids were just thought to be retarded or weird. People want it to be inconclusive because they haven’t found the answer they want yet. You can't prove nonexistence. Autism is scary and people are pointing fingers, but what happens when this fear starts causing more direct problems like a return of polio?

I am not saying that we shouldn't look at all, but why is this being used as a reason not to vaccinate kids? I am scared that my children may see diseases that are now pretty much eradicated in my country just because people believe what they want to (which I know I am probably doing myself).

I'm just a college student. What can I do? I am frustrated to no end at this- but I just want to get though school right now. Is this fear actually going somewhere, or am I really the one thats needlessly scared? I don't know what to do.

It’s hard to educate when there are so many people out there trying to "educate" in the risks of vaccines. How can you educate people in how to distinguish reliable evidence from cleverly worded explanations and statistics that have no basis in reality?

I think it’s incredibly depressing that a parent’s ignorance could kill their child. Even if they aren't my kid, I want to help their parents protect them. They can't make these decisions on their own, and these parents will raise them to fear doctors. What happens when these kids grow up thinking that doctors are evil liars that tell them they will make them better but are going to give them a horrible disease?

It’s also sad that some of the parents that parents that really think that it could have negative effects are perfectly happy letting other kids take this "risk" so that they can protect their children. It seems silly to me "MY kid can't get autism, but I don't want them to get sick either so I won't vaccinate them and all those autistic kids around them can be their barrier".

I am already on my way to a career in radiography. What else can I do to help educate? My future children will certainly be vaccinated, but I fear for classmates and the small failure rate in vaccines (vaccinated but not immune- not sure how much there is).


There has been no reasonable link between autism and vaccines. I know its scary and people want to find SOMETHING to explain it, but "beliefs" have nothing to do with science. 

It may make sense to say that kids have too much pumped intot hem, but where is the evidence that it is harmful? Why is it bad? Just because something is chemical and artificial does not mean that it is harmful, that is just fear of the unknown. Show me more than gut feelings.

