Well, the incidence rates of kids being diagnosed with autism (or any other disorder categorized by the Autistic Spectrum Disorders) has risen to 1 in 900. That's quite terrifying in itself. Yet, there are so many things to consider with autism. There are genetic, environmental, and social factors that have to be considered and it's easy to point the finger at something that is so common in a child's life. 

I think the reasoning about vaccines is correct: Perhaps the exposure of mercury is detrimental but so are so many other chemicals that exist in ridiculous amounts in our environment. They'll probably find, but never admit, that the biomagnification that has occurred in people now is causing birth defects and developmental disorders in much greater numbers. If this is true, then manufacturers will have to commit to spending the money necessary to re-make their products (i.e. pthalate-laden plastics) so they are reasonably safe.

With the way the world is now, people are going to do what they're going to do with their child's best interests in mind (for the most part). You can't change people's minds when it comes to their kids' health. Also, with the success of vaccines in the past, it's not as likely that kids are going to come down rubella or measles and mumps all of a sudden (when, really, MRSA and meningitis are much more serious problems). I do not believe that it should be a mandate for kids to attend school (in certain states, like California) to have their vaccines up to date because that forces parents to do something without giving them the chance of being educated in the first place. This breeds the habit of not being educated about these things.

As with all things, the media will sensationalize things and the sheeple will continue to follow blindly. Don't burden yourself with the thought that you're the one who needs to help these people protect their children. I really don't think it has anything to do with people teaching their kids to "fear" doctors. I think the practice of giving kids shots does that well enough already. Think of it as something of a backlash to the over-prescribed antibiotics, the excessive use of antibacterial soap, and the general over-medication of this country. The vaccine-autism link is simply spearheading that and it's probably time that something did happen to make people wake up and realize they're allowing people to put chemicals into their kids' bodies that they know nothing about. It's more of a warning that we've gone too far and we're possibly doing more harm than good. The US is the least progressive in eradicating toxic chemicals from manufacturing and that includes medicine as well. It's important that people wake up to the idea that they're putting their trust in something that is more willing to sacrifice their health in order to maximize profits.

The bottom line is this: People do crazy, extreme, irrational things to protect their kids. There's nothing you can do that is ever going to change that. That's their business, not yours. There's nothing more ill-perceived than another person criticizing the way a person takes care of their own kids. You can only successfully offer help to a parent that is truly receptive to it because they're able to admit that they don't know best. That is a rare individual. And, yes, you're needlessly scared.
