so i got this big big world history assignment over break for extra credit. im trying to score the best i can without stressing over it. these are the questions i dont have answers to. please help me out, it would be greatly appreciated.
thankyou!

 
Which was the most important reason for Ghana's rise?

      the development of agriculture

      the gold-for-salt trade

      the hajj

      domesticated camels


2. Which best describes Timbuktu?

      a farming village on the Niger River in West Africa

      the city to which Muslims make the hajj

      the ancient homeland of the people of Ghana

      a center of Islamic learning in Africa


3. Which best describes Songhai under Askia Muhammad?
      a powerful trading empire that stretched from the Atlantic Ocean across much of West Africa

      a small kingdom on the Niger River that owed allegiance to Mali

      an empire whose capital city of Kilwa was a center of Islamic culture and learning

      a powerful empire that grew wealthy trading with the people of the Swahili coast


4. Which does not describe all three kingdoms of Ghana, Mali, and Songhai?

      They ruled much of West Africa.

      They built large cities in the West African rain forest.

      They grew powerful through trade.

      They controlled the gold-for-salt exchange.


5. Which best explains the increase in the African slave trade after the fifteenth century? 
      the arrival of the Portuguese on the coast of Benin
      the arrival of Arab traders on the Swahili coast
      the construction of Great Zimbabwe
      the domestication of the camel

6. Which best explains the spread of culture along East Africa's Swahili coast?

      African culture mingled with traditions carried by Arab traders.

      The people of Great Zimbabwe spread ancient African traditions.

      Traders from the north brought Greco-Roman culture.

      Islamic armies conquered East Africa and required Africans to convert to Islam.


7. Which religion had a major influence on East African cultures after being brought there by foreign traders?

      Judaism

      Islam

      Buddhism

      Hinduism


8. Which best describes the origins of the African slave trade? 
      Muslim traders brought slaves with them to Africa to exchange for salt and ivory.
      The Portuguese were the first to capture Africans and sell them as slaves.
      The slave trade began when Europeans began colonizing North and South America.
      African societies often enslaved people they conquered or captured in battle.


9. Which is the best explanation of Great Zimbabwe's rise to power? 
      Zimbabwe's military was stronger than others in the region.
      Fish from Zimbabwe were a staple food of East African people.
      Zimbabwe controlled the region's ivory and gold trade.
      Zimbabwe was a highly productive agricultural society.

10. Which is not a possible explanation of Great Zimbabwe's decline?

      shifting trade routes

      the end of the slave trade

      disease

      overgrazing


11. What important feature made the Ottoman military successful?

      highly disciplined janissaries

      advanced weapons

      innovative tactics

      a powerful cavalry


12. Which was a result of the Ottoman conquest of Constantinople in 1453?

      The city became a Christian stronghold.

      The city became an Islamic capital.

      Christians were banned from the city.

      The Hagia Sophia was destroyed.


13. Which was a result of Emperor Süleyman's reforms of Ottoman law?

      All religious freedoms ended.

      Unlimited religious freedom was created.

      There was little effect on religion in the Ottoman Empire.

      Religious freedom was allowed, with a tax for non-Muslims.


14. Which is not an explanation for the conflict between Ottomans and the Safavids?

      the fall of Constantinople

      territorial expansion

      control of Chaldiran

      religious differences


15. Which allowed Akbar to govern the many people of the Mughal Empire?

      a tax on non-Muslims

      a tax on non-Hindus

      military force

      religious tolerance and inclusion

