Composite volcanoes are built by multiple eruptions, sometimes recurring over hundreds of thousands of years, sometimes over a few hundred. Andesite magma, the most common but not the only magma type, tends to form composite cones. Although andesitic composite cones are built mostly of fragmental debris, some of the magma intrudes fractures within the cones to form dike or sills. In this way, multiple intrusive events build a structural framework of dikes and sills that knits together the voluminous accumulation of volcanic rubble. Such a structure can stand higher than cones composed only of fragmental material. Composite cones can grow to such heights that their slopes become unstable and susceptible to collapse from the pull of gravity.

Famous examples of composite cones are Mayon Volcano, Philippines, Mount Fuji in Japan, and Mount Rainier, Washington, U.S.A. Some composite volcanoes attain two to three thousand meters in height above their bases. Most composite volcanoes occur in chains and are separated by several tens of kilometers. There are numerous composite volcano chains on earth, notably around the Pacific rim, known as the "Rim of Fire".
http://volcanology.geol.ucsb.edu/volcano.htm

Stratovolcanoes or composite volcanoes are tall conical mountains composed of lava flows and other ejecta in alternate layers, the strata that give rise to the name. Stratovolcanoes are also known as composite volcanoes, created from several structures during different kinds of eruptions. Strato/composite volcanoes are made of cinders, ash and lava. Cinders and ash pile on top of each other, lava flows on top of the ash, where it cools and hardens, and then the process begins again. Classic examples include Mt. Fuji in Japan, Mayon Volcano in the Philippines, and Mount Vesuvius and Stromboli in Italy.

In recorded history, explosive eruptions by stratovolcanoes have posed the greatest hazard to civilizations, as ash is produced by an explosive eruption.  Stratovolcanoes (30–35°) are steeper than shield volcanoes (generally 5–10°), their lose tephra are material for dangerous lahars.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volcano#Stratovolcanoes_.28composite_volcanoes.29
