Composite volcanoes, also called strato volcanoes, are formed by alternating layers of lava and rock fragments.  This is the reason they are called composite.
Strato-volcanoes often form impressive, snow-capped peaks which are often exceeding 2500m in height, 1000sq.km in surface, and 400km3 in volume.
.
Between eruptions they are often so quiet they seem extinct.  To witness the start of a great eruption requires luck or very careful surveillance.
.
Composite volcanoes usually erupt in an explosive way.  This is usually caused by viscous magma.  When very viscous magma rises to the surface, it usually clogs the craterpipe, and gas in the craterpipe gets locked up. Therefore, the pressure will increase resulting in an explosive eruption.
.
Although strato-volcanoes are usually large and conical, we can distinguish different shapes of them: concave (like Agua), pyramidal (like Stromboli), convex-concave (like Vesuvius), helmet-shaped (like Mount Rainier), collapse caldera (like Graciosa), nested (like El Piton in Teide), multiple summits (like Shasta), elongated along a fissure (like Hekla).

Strato-volcanoes are constructed along subduction zones.  Examples of composite volcanoes include Mount Hood, Mount Rainier, Mount Shasta, Mount Fugi, Mount Mayon, and Vesuvius.  
Mount Lamington is an andesitic stratovolcano in the Oro Province of Papua New Guinea. The forested peak of the volcano had not been recognised as such until its devastating eruption in 1951 that caused about 3,000 deaths. 

The volcano rises to 1680 m above the coastal plain north of the Owen Stanley Range. A summit complex of lava domes and crater remnants rises above a low-angle base of volcaniclastic deposits that are dissected by radial valleys. A prominent broad "avalanche valley" extends northward from the breached crater. 

Pelean eruptions are a type of volcanic eruption. They can occur when viscous magma, typically of rhyolitic or andesitic type, is involved, and share some similarities with Vulcanian eruptions. The most important characteristics of a Pelean eruption is the presence of a glowing avalanche of hot volcanic ash, a pyroclastic flow. Formation of lava domes is another characteristical feature. Short flows of ash or creation of pumice cones may be observed as well.

The initial phases of eruption are characterized by pyroclastic flows. The tephra deposits have lower volume and range than the corresponding Plinian and Vulcanian eruptions. The viscous magma then forms a steep-sided dome or volcanic spine in the volcano's vent. The dome may later collapse, resulting on flows of ash and hot blocks. The eruption cycle is usually completed in few years, but in some cases may continue for decades, like in the case of Santiaguito. (*)

The 1902 explosion of Mount Pelee is the first described case of a Pelean eruption, and gave it its name.

Some other examples are the 1948-1951 eruption of Hibok Hibok, the 1951 eruption of Mount Lamington which remains the most detailed observation of this kind, the 1956 eruption of Bezymianny, the 1968 eruption of Mayon Volcano and the 1980 eruption of Mt St Helens.
