To understand what causes volcanoes, you need to understand how the earth is made up. The earth has three main layers: the crust, the mantle and the core. The crust is made up of solid rock and varies in thickness. It is more than 60km thick under mountain chains like the Alps and Himalayas, but just 5km under the oceans. The mantle is a thick layer of molten rock (called magma), and the core is made up of an outer liquid layer and a solid centre. 

A volcano erupts when magma escapes from inside the earth. As the magma is escaping from a confined space, a lot of energy is released with it, as happens with any other explosion. This is why many eruptions also produce huge quantities of gases and dust. Magma sometimes rises under enormous pressure, so it not only finds cracks in the earth’s crust, it can also create them. When magma reaches the earth’s surface it is called lava.

Temperatures inside the earth are very high – over 5000’C in the core. This means that the planet on which we live is like a huge fiery ball of hot molten rock, surrounded by a few kilometers of relatively cool, hard rock – the crust. Because heat rises, the magma in the earth’s mantle has to find a way to rise upwards though the crust above it, rather like the way that hot air rises.

Composite cone volcanoes, also known as stratovolcanoes, make up more than 60 per cent of all volcanoes on earth. They are usually quite tall. They are formed by a cycle of quiet eruptions of runny lava followed by explosive eruptions of thick lava. Stratovolcanoes have more ash than shield volcanoes. This combination of high ash content and a thick, slow-moving lava means that their sides are much steeper than shield volcanoes. Mount St Helens in the USA, Pinatubo in the Philippines and Fuji in Japan are all examples of composite cone volcanoes.

 Lamington forms part of a huge shield volcano that originally was centered at Mt Warning in northern New South Wales. Erosion of the softer volcanic rocks has resulted in a rugged terrain with a high plateau cut by many gorges and waterfalls.
