i have rudbeckia that they eat at one flower bed but they leave it alone in another area,
same thing with autumn joy sedum, they ate  it to the ground along a path but left it alone in an area without easy access.

they eat because they are hungry and are browsers.
and they develop a route for their meal times
encourage them to take a different path.

what zone are you in?
i posted a deer resistant gardening question recently 
and got some more tips for control.

EDIT  also
here is my answer from another deer resisance question
deer control is my job and hobby.there are several basic concepts to keep in mind when dealing with deer: breeding season, does with fawns, available food sources, temperature and weather.
I garden in the same area as a very large resident deer population and have pretty good luck controlling what they disturb.

Barriers----protect individual plants with bird netting, or stakes. Twigs can be protected by wire wrapped loosly around the last few inches of the stem. During winter I lay pine branches over perennial crowns to block them from eating them. Large plants that block their view discourage deer from entering an area to eat. 
Scent deer are very sensitive to smells:
coyote urine near the garden will make them wary because coyotes are their predator.
moth balls placed near a plant will discourage a deer from grazing on it (3 per 2ft diameter crown)
blood meal sprinkled near target plants will make the deer think there has been a kill in the area and the deer won't linger there.
human hair has a bad scent and texture to them sprinkle clippings over the plant you don't want them to eat
fabric softener sheets fastened to plants smell foul to the deer and they won't eat them.
egg mixed with a gallon of water sprayed on plants will leave a distasteful residue deer will avoid
Deer off is a product you can spray on plants with the same effect.
Ground red pepper sprinkled on plants will stop them from eating.
clippings of fresh herbs have a repellant effect.
I rotate through the list of scent controlls, using a different one each week and it keeps the deer skiddish in most of the garden areas i care for.

deer don't like to eat certain plants:
anything in the mint family, anything with fuzzy or hairy leaves, anything with a strong herbal scent, lavender, oregano, thyme monarda, coleus, salvia, russian sage, profusion zinnia, homestead verbena, artimesia, to name a few
there are lots of lists of plants that are deer resistant but that doesn't always mean they won't try the taste so protect new plants will barriers to keep deer from pulling them out of the ground.

bamboo stakes poking up randomly in an area will inhibit deer grazing also.

hope this gives you a headstart
