or shown at "The Cairo Film Festival" A friend of mine showed me a clip from the trailer ...I thought it was clever and humourous..It's a fictional story about an Orchestra Band from Alexandria going to play a concert in Israel. The film has only debuted only at Festivals and picked up so many awards like
Toronto Film Festival and will be soon be released to Theatre
and DVD. Critics called it funny and a feel good film.  I saw the clips and laughed. The Egyptian actors are real funny and It was directed by a collaboration of the work of the Israeli and Egyptian actors but is an Israeli made film and directed by an Israeli.  I didn't find it offensive at all...but apparantly the Cairo Film Festival refused it. Would that sway you from watching?
http://www.apple.com/trailers/sony/thebandsvisit/trailer/
Yes but that's part of the film that makes it humourous because they run into alot of political pitfalls by the buerocracy
they encounter. But it is fiction of course.
Sky I hate what deplorabile atrocities
Israel has done to the Palestinian people
more than you can imagine..in fact it is my dream the Camp David Accord was never signed and the ethnic cleansing of Palestine by Isreal militia sickens me to my heart. But that's how you feel and  I can relate. I will however watch it.
Kalooka much a truth is spoken from the mouths of babes Thnx
Salaman Rushdie's book was literary trash and who would need to ban it when it should have been thrown in the trash as far a a writer's ability from a publisher. It was only the scandal that made that book sell a copy. It was the disgusting photograph of him sitting with his arms crossed and his feet soles up on the Qu'ran. He was an opportunist like Ayan Ali Aswani and her spread of Islamic hatred for money and fame. I agree not to read this trash and anyone who does is a fool. But that's my descion
not to read it.  In AA's opinion I understand the relevance of the history of Egypt and in the commitees' opinion why they decided not to show it. They have their reasons. I do enjoy however like you good Arab actors Adel Iman is my favorite and he was always a funny character but his films had substance and relevance..and often mocked the Egyptian government but he used creativity, humour, and sensibility when doing his political satire's. That unlike this film were very real.

