Thanks for the great link, I will try get to see it (its always good to see if there is Egyptian actors) however I think the film festival will have refused it because its so far away from reality and subliminal politically.  
 
Firstly an Arab military police band playing outside of Egypt would be rare

Egypt takes the visits of its military personal that visit outside of Egypt to any other country very seriously- even if an individual who is in the military goes to visit say the  example : the USA on holiday they are tracked from start to finish. If they missed the plane coming back to Egypt, Egypt has, does and would have its personal arrested. 

So if anyone from the Egyptian Military arrived in Israel, there would be a lot, a lot of people knowing about it from all sides and never would they roam free to do as they wish. 

I don't think it would be anything to find offensive just not realistic and it’s quite political even though it’s not meant to be.

@alexandria: yes thats why it is subliminally political - your see recently high profile Egyptian Business personal have made an complaint against Israel because of the treatment they recieve when they get there, if no doubt it will be funny but I can understand why it will not be shown in Egypt, theres all kinds of things going on behind the scenes that we as the public dont always know about but the people that agree to ban these things know about, im not saying in this individual case that it was the right or wrong action to take but i can understand from what i know what is currently going on In Egypt politically, why it would be banned. 

Sorry to jump onto another subject but you posting this question has linked onto another but the same question, kind of:


@Sistablu - the first time I ever disagree with something ever you have said- Art has and should have borders and limits, for example is it right that the Salman Rushdie Satanic Verses is banned is every Muslim country? In my view yes, because we know that it contains the words of the devil and is disrespectful to Islam and Islamic figures. So why would Muslims want that kind of art in their borders. 

People could also say that it’s ok to show graphic homosexual acts in mainstream cinema, that is also defined as art to some but to others it’s perverted and is a moral issue for the country. 

Art has and should borders in every place- for example in UK a recent Hollywood movie has been withheld in its release here -movie called Gone Baby Gone because of what is going on in the country it may affect people, so even Hollywood knows its borders

@ xtreme- i hardly ever in my life met a muslim that was not offended by satanic verses - yes Islam can be open to challenge of its teaching but perversion and disrespect is another issue- i was living in UK when a young girl of pakistani origins was thrown into a dustbin with hungry dogs and they ate her face because of the conflict that book caused- so i suggest that you ask the majority of muslims what they thought of satanic verses and also look at why till this day it is still banned in Muslim countries
